What's that scar on your foot?
Oh, this?
I got stitches when I was a kid.
The coke bottle lid was so sharp.
She fell while rubbing against it.
How would a one-year-old's bones bare that?
When I was a year old,
it was 1991.
Eun Seok went missing...
in August, 1992. Three years old.
If I hurt my foot in 1991,
I...
can't be...
Choi Eun Seok.
Eun Seok.
I said, let's go.
Yes. Let's... Let's go.
Stop. Stop.
What are you doing, Dad? Why are you untying that?
It's about time now.
You should still see a doctor to do that.
Gosh, this isn't worth that.
- It's fine. - No.
Then I'll do it for you, okay?
Will you?
What was that? You don't need to ask me.
Done.
Move to see if you're fine.
- Does it hurt? - No.
It's all good now.
Dad.
How could you hit my head when you know I'm stupid?
Gosh. Now, my right wrist hurts.
Carrying this...
must have caused that.
What's this?
It's an oven to bake bread at home.
Dad, you bought this for me?
Yes. It's not much though.
I'll buy you a better one next time.
No. This is enough.
I asked Mom to get one before,
but she said there's no room in the kitchen.
I'll make some room for it.
Why? You said I can't bake bread at home.
No one can stop you.
You're even working at a bakery.
What's gotten into Mom?
It's just that she's given in to you.
Parents have a soft spot for their children indeed.
Let's go. I'll help you.
Thank you, Dad.
Don't mention it. It really isn't much.
That's not it.
For accepting my dream.
For acknowledging it.
I'm so happy.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
Are you tired all of a sudden?
You're so quiet now.
Do you remember me when I was young?
When?
Like my first birthday party.
What did I choose at my first birthday party?
I even forgot about locking you up in a cage.
But your first birthday party?
Honestly, I don't remember it.
We need to keep talking to bring back the memories.
But I wasn't allowed...
to even say your name after we lost you.
Maybe the voice of you calling me?
I'm not sure if it was at a hospital or home,
but I remember seeing you when you were born.
It's faint.
Why do you ask?
Well,
you were eight years old at that time.
My first memory is from when I was six years old.
My first day of kindergarten.
You chose your pride again...
over something so important.
Pride?
What if Eun Seok didn't call Do Kyung?
What if Eun Seok didn't know anything about art?
She could've stood there in a dusty outfit...
being pointed at and ridiculed by others.
I trusted Eun Seok with my instincts.
She's my daughter.
It could've influenced our company's reputation.
It was our plan to protect her...
from all gossips and rumors.
Can you find out who leaked our secret?
I'll have to work on it.
We're home.
Come in.
I though you left early. Why are you so late?
Eun Seok.
Are you not well?
I think she was very nervous.
She doesn't even want to have dinner.
I understand how you must've felt.
Go upstairs, and rest.
Get some sleep,
and have dinner when you're hungry.
Okay.
I'll go up now.
Get some rest.
Mom, what happened?
How did they know we found Eun Seok?
We'll take care of that.
You should go up and rest too.
You did a good job today.
Let me know if you need me.
Goodnight.
(Mom from Daebang-dong)
(Ji An)
(Power off)
The phone is turned off. Please leave a message...
Why did Mom turn off her phone?
General Manager Min.
Should we prepare your dinner as well?
No, I really don't have an appetite.
I'd like to drink a cup of iced water.
- Bring us iced water. - Yes, ma'am.
Don't come down. Call us to bring you iced water.
When you were looking for me,
how did you know it was me?
Did she ask my mom in Daebang-dong?
We had a DNA test first.
You ran a DNA test?
How could we have not?
With what? I don't remember the test.
We have our own methods.
Tell Senior Manager... No.
Tell Vice President Choi that his dinner is ready.
Yes, ma'am.
You left out the red chili pepper, right?
Yes, I did.
Do you think...
I can fool them?
That's right.
There's no way she could have deceived them.
How would a one-year-old's bones bare that?
How would a two-year-old's bones bare that?
What's this?
(Check for 1,000 dollars)
Did we have to come all the way here to talk?
There are many cafes nearby.
Go get me some coffee. Then I'll tell you why.
So that's why he wanted me to buy him coffee.
That was so long ago.
Hyuk must have been worried sick.
Oh, right. His number.
What should I do?
I'm sorry for being so late.
Why is your makeup so thick?
Since it's his first day as the vice president,
I did so for a change of pace.
Do it over. You look shallow.
Okay.
Congratulations on your first day.
You were promoted earlier than scheduled,
but that's no reason for you to behave rashly.
Don't let your title influence you.
When you go in, say hello to the president first.
I will do that.
And Eun Seok,
you must treat him as your supervisor at work.
Yes, I will.
Let's eat.
Mother,
please show me pictures of me when I lived here.
I'm curious.
We don't have a single photo of you left.
Your grandfather got rid of them...
so we could forget about you.
I see.
I was going to ask you this.
Eun Seok, did you bring your album here?
I'd like to see the photos of your childhood.
No, I didn't.
There isn't an album just for me.
Why not?
When we left for Dubai,
they lost all of our photos.
So there is...
a family album since my time in Dubai.
There was an album for me and Ji Soo.
But about that album...
We moved around a lot.
So we don't know when we lost it.
Was it when Mr. Seo's business went bad...
and you had to move around?
Yes.
Welcome.
Today's my first day at Haesung Apparel.
I ask for your support, President Jung.
I should be the one asking for help.
So I can take some time off.
I'll do my best...
to learn a lot from you, Uncle.
What a shame.
I wanted to see Myung Hee breaking into a sweat.
That's fine. Every day is an opportunity for us.
We have all the chances we can ask for.
Okay. I'll talk to you later.
Myung Hee.
Why didn't you call me and say you were coming?
Someone ran their mouth...
and spread news that we have found Eun Seok.
What are you talking about?
Are you saying that the news got leaked?
Admit it or not,
but it must have been you.
I can't believe this.
It wasn't me.
Succeeding the chairman position after Father.
Fine. Go after the position all you want.
Do your best to earn it. I won't stop you.
- Myung Hee. - However,
while you are doing that,
don't you dare harm my children.
Don't you ever leave...
a trace of damage on my children again.
If others even get a whiff of this before the event,
I am going to destroy you, Jung Myung Soo,
and your son.
You're going too far.
There are more people around you...
who also knew that you found Eun Seok.
Think about your employees in your house...
and those who have access to your house.
Father taught you not to roll your eyes...
and raise your voice...
when you are lying.
Remember that, Jin Hee?
Earn that position with your effort.
With your hard work.
Don't play dirty.
I'll be off now.
Gosh, Myung Hee really isn't an easy opponent.
Ji An, did you clean the table?
And you prepared the file for the vice president?
Yes.
Have you boiled the water for tea?
Whatever he asks for,
be ready to bring in hot drinks when he asks.
Yes, sir.
Ji An will be leading the briefing.
She's going to serve tea as well?
I'll prepare the tea.
I need neither tea nor water.
Welcome, Vice President Choi.
I'm the general manager, Lee Jae Hong.
I'd like to say hi to each member...
of the Haesung Apparel Marketing Team.
Yes, sir.
That's Manager Jo Taek Il.
This is Assistant Manager Yang Jung Ah.
This is Ms. Song Mi Won.
This is Mr. Oh Kyung Min.
This is Ms. Yoon Ha Jung.
And this is Ms. Seo Ji An.
This isn't just an event to enjoy our five senses.
Through experiencing indigo natural dyeing,
our company's reputation will improve.
Through the design contest for hand printing,
we can maximize promoting our company.
And the gift coupons...
will lead customers to buy our products.
The proposal has developed into a very detailed one.
We can proceed with this draft.
Thank you.
But I selected this proposal...
when I was in the Strategic Planning Team.
There were three proposals with the same score.
I see.
By the way, why is another person in charge?
From what I remember, it used to be Yoon Ha Jung.
I didn't do that.
It was the general manager who told me to submit it.
Well, about that.
Ji An submitted it when she was a temporary...
and she quit soon after.
But when she re-entered,
she took charge of it again.
Mr. Lee.
Are you saying you fired a temporary staff...
and plagiarized her work?
That's not it.
I couldn't help it since the proposal was so great.
But stealing is a crime.
Is it not, Ms. Yoon?
No, I was just following my boss' order.
Will you do anything your boss tells you to do?
Even if it's stealing?
I am sorry.
Mr. Lee,
have you always been...
treating your staffs forcefully like this?
You didn't ask them to run...
your personal errands, did you?
I will never do it again.
Starting today, I am the vice president.
What do you want me to do with your abusive boss...
and the girl who stole your position?
What could you do?
Should I fire them? Or should I demote them?
They ill-treated my little sister.
You can't do that.
What do you mean? Am I supposed to leave them be?
That's taking revenge on them.
If I take revenge because I now have power,
I would be just like them.
It's partly my fault...
for letting Mr. Lee treat me the way he did.
And about Ha Jung...
I don't want to be the same person as her.
Do you mean that?
It sounds all very odd, doesn't it?
"I am sorry." "I won't do it again."
Why do you apologize only to me?
Shouldn't you be saying that to Ji An?
Mr. Lee. Ms. Yoon.
You got caught stealing another person's work.
Aren't you going to apologize?
I am sorry.
Shouldn't you look at her?
You've done her wrong, so you must apologize.
And when you apologize,
you must look into the person's eyes...
and really mean it with all sincerity.
I am really sorry, Ms. Seo.
Ms. Seo, I sincerely apologize.
Ms. Seo,
will you accept their apologies?
Yes, I will.
And since I got the proposal back,
I hope you will put this behind now, sir.
Okay. Sit down then.
We will end today's meeting here.
Is there anything else you want to say to me?
I have something to suggest.
Ms. Seo, you should discuss it with me first.
Go ahead.
- Go ahead. - Thank you.
I think we should move up the date of our event...
for the 40th anniversary of our company.
As you know, I planned the program...
in a way that the event will...
positively affect the sales of our products.
But if we hold the event in December,
it won't be timely...
for the launching of our winter products.
That's a great idea.
I will consider it and make the decision.
All right. Well done, everyone.
Bring the proposal to my office, Ms. Seo.
Why is he asking you to come?
Hurry. Hurry off to his office.
- I will be back. - Okay.
You said you knew him.
You can't do this. They'll be suspicious.
How dare you pretend to be close to me?
- What? - It's for work, you see.
Right. Go on.
You suggested the natural dye idea.
Did you contact the dye house?
No. Not yet.
Why? Does it not suit the foundation day event?
No, it suits perfectly. I am just amazed.
- About what? - While studying abroad,
I went to a natural dye exhibition in New York.
The artist's name was Jun Kwang Soo.
Back then, Manhattan was turned upside down.
The color was more than just beautiful.
It was really lovely.
That's when I thought of...
producing naturally dyed premium products.
The pictures were beautiful enough.
I especially loved the dyeing process.
That's why I put it as the opening event.
So I want to go with you when you go for research.
It would be a great start for my new position.
I am going this afternoon.
Are you? Then send me the address.
I can't go with you, so I'll meet you there.
Okay.
Right. Why did you do that? You shouldn't have.
How could I not do that?
If you hadn't reentered, they would've taken it.
They would've ruined the company image too.
I'm not doing it just for you.
But you did it in front of everyone,
and I was so embarrassed.
Why are you so soft?
How could you be a member of Haesung like that?
I'm back.
Ms. Seo, what did Mr. Choi say?
Why did he call for you?
He was planning a project with natural dyes.
So he asked me about that.
You got really lucky as soon as you got in.
Don't mention it.
But it is true that you got very lucky.
You're running the event, and the boss supports you.
Mr. Lee,
to do research and choose contractors,
I will have to work outside quite often.
I told you about that, right?
I am visiting a natural dye house this afternoon.
Of course.
You filled the event with a lot of activities,
so you must be very busy for preparing it.
You may work outside whenever you need to.
Thank you.
Ms. Seo.
Oh, do you want some coffee, sir?
No. No. Not at all.
And don't make my coffee ever again.
Okay. Is there anything you want me to do then?
No. Here.
It's a gift certificate for Chuseok.
We all got one before you came.
So I asked them for one more.
But Chuseok has already passed.
But still,
who would take care of you if I don't?
Take it to your parents.
Thank you.
Let's...
put the past behind.
Let's start anew. Okay?
Okay.
I guess regular employees get these things too.
I never got anything like this when I was temporary.
If I got it when I was here last time,
Mom and Dad would've loved it.
Lovely.
You are ranked number 39.
Choi Seo Hyun!
I must smell foul.
My heart is still pounding.
What's wrong with me?
I was too surprised a while ago.
I am sorry for making you wait.
Never mind.
I didn't get to shower, so I might smell.
May I still drive you?
It was my fault anyway.
Go ahead.
Thank you.
He said he'd wash the car and get here by 1pm.
Why isn't he here yet?
Bingo.
It looks like my sister must run...
to have a meal here.
Now that I am here,
I feel daunted.
My gosh. Can I call her out like this?
Darn it.
Don't you dare run away.
With just one phone call,
you'll be caught before leaving this neighborhood.
My gosh.
You can't threaten me...
just because you got surprised a bit.
Threaten you?
You were taking a peek at my house like a rat.
A rat?
I can't believe this.
You took a peek at me like a rat too.
A rat?
Did you just call me a rat?
You have to be nice to be treated nicely.
How can a daughter of such a great family...
talk like that in such a rude manner?
You don't even know who I am.
What's going on, Ms. Choi?
That man was peeking at my house...
as if he were trying to rob us.
And I fell over because of him.
Hurry, and call the police.
Are you hurt?
Rob you?
Hey.
What?
Watch your mouth.
I was just passing by while looking at houses,
and I looked through the gate out of curiosity.
However,
she took a peek at me at that moment...
- like a rat. - Hey!
We frightened each other.
So I almost had a miscarriage,
and she fell backwards.
When did I take a peek at you like a rat?
I just... I just opened the door.
I just opened the door.
Seriously.
You slowly opened the door,
and we had made eye contact.
Why did you come to this neighborhood?
If you have a clear purpose,
I will just check your ID and end it there.
My purpose is...
This.
This is it.
It's my hobby to take photos of houses.
I'm doing a research for my future house.
Right. This.
This is the house over there.
Okay?
What should I do, Ms. Choi?
We got a video of you,
so I won't let it slide next time.
I will go get changed.
- Okay. - Seriously.
I am worried about my sister.
"For a personal reason,"
"no bread will be baked this afternoon."
"I apologize."
Why did you bake so little today?
Please put this up outside.
Are you not baking this afternoon?
No, I'm not.
Is something wrong? Are you ill?
You don't look so well.
Wrap it up, and go home.
What's wrong?
What's up with him?
Hello.
I've come for my friend, Seo Ji An.
Oh, Mr. Seo's family.
They live down there.
You should go there.
- Thank you, sir. - Go on.
Who is it?
Is this Ms. Seo Ji An's house?
I am Ji An's friend.
- Hello. - Yes.
I am Ji An's high school friend.
My name is Sunwoo Hyuk.
What?
She moved out.
Move? When?
It's been several days.
Then do you know...
where she moved to?
I don't know. I'm going to be late.
Why are you standing in front of my house?
Please leave.
Okay.
My goodness. He's back again.
Why does he keep coming to our neighborhood?
What is he looking for?
I just need five minutes.
I will just deliver this and get back.
- Okay. - Thank you.
Mom.
It would've been nice to see her for a moment.
"Ji An was here."
"I became a regular employee..."
"at Haesung Corporation's Marketing Team."
"I got a gift certificate for Chuseok,"
"so I'm leaving it here."
"You should buy some clothes with this."
We don't have a single photo of you left.
I'd like to see the photos of your childhood.
I should get one for them.
What?
Where are my photos?
Look at this. Ji An.
How long has it been?
Look at your pose, Ji An.
You're posing like a boss.
Look at you. You're pretending to be pretty.
- Where? - Look at you.
Why did they throw away Ji Soo and my photos?
I cannot disclose any information...
about our previous employees.
Then where is the general manager...
of the Marketing Team?
Hey!
What are you doing here?
Did you come to find Ji An for 20,000 dollars too?
"Too"?
Did you give Ji An 20,000 dollars?
Wait.
Why do you call her by her first name?
I did it because you did.
You asked if I am here for that too.
Does it mean you gave her 20,000 dollars too?
I asked you first.
Did she not give you 20,000 dollars?
I got 20,000 dollars from her.
Did you?
Thank goodness.
Then what brings you here?
I'm a businessman, so I can be anywhere.
Do you know Ji An's number?
I don't.
Hello.
Can I contact the manager of the marketing team?
Do you know where he went?
I can't disclose...
I guess she cut ties with him well.
Don't let Sunwoo Hyuk in the company, Mr. Yoo.
Who got rid of our photos?
- Hey, Do Kyung. - Where are you?
I am almost there.
I am so sorry.
I should've arrived five minutes earlier,
but I'm five minutes late.
Why did you borrow 20,000 dollars from him?
I mean your male friend.
He came to see you at work today.
Hyuk came to see me?
You got the money from Mom and gave it to me.
Why did you borrow money from him again?
I gave it back to him.
Actually, I didn't even borrow the money.
Really?
Is your first love's name Seo Ji An?
She sent you something.
(Seo Ji An)
You hid it so well that I didn't even know about it.
What you're concerned about won't happen, Hyuk.
I'm doing just fine.
I'm sending the money back to you. Be well.
(Check for 1,000 dollars)
I got 20,000 dollars.
I can't believe this.
What's that? She paid you back already?
But why did she send it by an express delivery?
I have no idea either.
She's so mysterious.
She moved out, and I don't have her number.
I don't even know her email address.
Seo Ji An...
is gone.
You can make dyes with fresh indigo leaves...
only from July to September.
You can't do it in November.
Are only fermented leaves available by then?
Fermented leaves make a beautiful color too.
But I'm interested in using fresh indigo leaves.
Then are the indigo leaves available fresh today?
Yes. By the way, are you aware...
that you can only dye silk with fresh indigo leaves?
I am.
I'm into silk that is dyed with fresh indigo leaves.
It's beautiful.
You should cook it for your family and friends...
and fill out the checklist after tasting it.
You'll have a cook in charge,
but the owner should know how to do it too.
I can ask them to taste it,
but I can't have them fill out this checklist.
Mi Jung.
Hae Ja.
Hae Ja, what's wrong?
Well...
I'm hungry, but I don't want to cook.
Really?
Then come to my place. I'll cook for you.
- Really? - Of course. Come with me.
But why hamburgers?
Just.
Is Haesung opening a restaurant for you?
Haesung FNB's an affiliate of Haesung Group.
Shabu-shabus, buffets, salad restaurants,
and Haesung Hamburgers.
This is it, right?
Well... About that...
I understand now.
So this was why Tae Soo wanted to start business.
He'd definitely not want to take this.
Hae Ja.
Do you think I'm willingly taking this?
Tae Soo...
wasn't working at a distribution center.
He was a daily laborer.
What?
You bought this house...
as you wanted it to be redeveloped.
You'd want it to be redeveloped soon.
But I'm...
living in this house...
at a giveaway price, thanks to you.
But what if...
this area gets redeveloped?
What if they began to tear down this house?
I'd end up in a semi-basement again.
I hope...
this area won't be redeveloped.
That's how I feel.
I'm sorry.
Mi Jung.
Hae Ja, you know what?
I'll be turning 60 soon.
I'd never imagined that I'd live like this.
When they offered me a franchise restaurant,
I refused it immediately and said...
that we can handle ourselves.
But then she told me...
that Tae Soo...
was a daily laborer.
My goodness.
Don't cry.
I know how you feel. I understand.
You will never understand how I feel.
And neither does Tae Soo.
Even I don't understand myself...
about why I did that.
It's okay. This was the right thing to do.
It did cost a lot for you to raise Ji An anyway.
I dozed off.
What's that smell?
Mom.
Ji Soo.
Why are you home now?
My boss closed the shop early today.
Hello.
Did you come down here as you smelled something?
Exactly.
Mom, did you buy this for me?
Well... Yes.
But I had some already.
Have some.
It looks so delicious. Did you eat?
There's more. And I'm not hungry yet.
I'll eat first then.
It's delicious.
Is there anything that's not good to you?
Not really.
It's this hour already?
What do you think? I liked the color.
It was beautiful, but it's not what I expected.
You have one more place to go, right?
I can't be with you there since I have a meeting.
So let's grab a quick bite for dinner.
You'll have dinner during the meeting, won't you?
But I can't have my sister skip a meal like this.
I should have you eat something before you go.
We should open you to the public soon...
so you can have a decent meal with Driver Myung.
I don't mind eating alone.
You should stop it. And stop eating this stuff.
I can't change my eating habits just like that.
This is just so good.
Tasting the flavor of the ingredients is good.
That's what's good for your health.
You just point out flaws at every opportunity.
There's one thing to be praised though.
Sunwoo Hyuk.
Hyuk?
It's good that you broke off contact with him.
Now, you're finally acting like my sister.
Like a true daughter of Haesung Corporation.
What? What's that look on your face?
I just feel reassured.
You're a reliable brother.
You had an older brother in your old family too.
Wasn't he so reliable?
Of course he was.
But when things get difficult,
you just can't afford to care about other people.
Of course. I knew that would happen.
Hey, Seok Doo. Did you get my email?
Well, I sent a few items and details about them.
That? That was just a primary search.
I can find some more.
I'm home.
Yes, what?
Okay then.
See you.
Ji Tae.
They say you can feel someone's absence.
This room feels so empty now.
Why are you up here?
Hey, I heard you were dating someone.
But you broke up.
Who told you?
They said that coughs and love...
cannot be hidden.
You seemed to have been dating her for years.
It would be even more ridiculous if Ji Ho...
didn't notice all that while sharing your room.
Yes, we broke up.
Why did you when you should get married?
Things just happened. It's over now.
You say it's over...
and you walk about like you're moping?
What? You're not rich enough?
Why do you need money?
You just need a room to live together.
Dad, what are you talking about?
So I broke up with my girlfriend.
Why does that lead to money and rent?
Your mom and I lived in a tiny room...
we rented from our landlord...
when we were newlyweds.
That was years ago.
It was just fine.
Was love cheap then,
and has it become more costly now?
You get married to be with someone.
I mean, you know...
that I can't afford it.
Why not? You have this room.
Your mom and I...
won't burden you even after we retire.
So you can start off here, save up,
and then move out.
It's not that simple.
Life can be complicated or simple.
It depends on how you choose to think.
- I know what I'm doing. - What do you know?
Do you think you know everything?
You are 33 years old and all grown up,
so you know more than enough...
to think that you're right.
Isn't that it?
Answer me.
I'm no longer a child.
You think that, and that's why you're immature.
That's why you're still young.
I'm over 60 now,
and even I'm anxious because I'm not so sure...
if I'm right. But you?
It's immature to think you're an adult...
just because you're older.
You don't know what it is that you really need.
You fool.
You may have forgotten because of what I am now,
but I worked in commerce for 15 years...
and ran a business for 10 years.
China, the Middle-east, and Japan.
I lived in other countries like I was born there.
Listen to me.
If you aren't completely sure,
it's best to just take the plunge.
Stop it.
You don't know why I'm doing this.
Times have changed now.
I won't do what I'll regret.
People live...
because of people.
Living together and sharing emotions.
That is what makes us human.
He has no idea.
I'm home.
Eun Seok isn't yet.
She started preparing for the anniversary event.
She's visiting some important vendors.
Everything is as if it was planned.
I can't believe that proposal was hers.
She doesn't have to try too hard.
Are we putting too much pressure on her?
No, she's determined and willing.
We chose a proposal she'd worked so hard on.
I visited a vendor with her today,
and she's good.
I'm so proud of her.
Goodness.
You're late.
You're still up?
It's almost midnight, and my daughter's not home.
How could I sleep?
I'm sorry.
The second vendor had moved.
So I had to go to Yangpyeong.
Take a seat for a moment.
Okay.
We didn't send you to the Marketing Team...
to put you to work.
You know that.
You won't be there for long,
so don't overdo it.
You worked so hard until now.
You deserve a break.
It's okay. I'm enjoying myself.
And I really want to do well.
It's our 40th anniversary.
When will you spare me some time for a date then?
There's something I want to give you.
Some presents that will shock you.
You can give them to me...
after Haesung Apparel's 40th anniversary event.
Is that so?
If you ever feel like...
taking a break or having fun before then,
just let me know.
I will.
- Ji Soo. - Yes?
I might come home late today.
I stir-fried some squid, your favorite.
So eat that later.
You're leaving now...
and won't be back until the evening?
Where are you going?
I'm just going...
to get some air with Hae Ja.
Sorry.
What is she sorry about?
She hasn't been herself since Ji An left.
Good morning.
Why are you here so early?
I wanted to ask you something.
Why are your eyes so puffed up?
I had instant noodles before bed last night.
What's your question?
Well, you see,
the bike guy keeps coming to my neighborhood.
What do you mean?
I wonder...
if he's looking for my house.
Does the bike guy know where you live?
I think he wants to find out.
I haven't seen him at the cafe at all.
How does he know which neighborhood you live in?
He never asked me,
and even I don't know where you live either.
I live in Daebang-dong.
Ji Soo.
It's good to have hope,
but groundless hope becomes a delusion.
Why does he keep coming to my neighborhood then?
I saw him twice already.
Does a relative live nearby?
Hello, good morning.
Hello, good...
If I fail even today,
I am no longer Seo Ji Soo.
Let's do this.
Hello, good...
What was that?
But he saw me.
I'm certain that he saw...
Is he pretending he didn't?
Ji Soo.
It's good to have hope,
but groundless hope becomes a delusion.
Ji Soo.
You're so pathetic.
Hello.
- I brought the bread. - Thank you.
- Goodbye. - Wait.
Stay for a cup of coffee.
What?
How should I pay you for the bread?
May I wire it to your boss?
I'll ask him about that.
You haven't been able to see him recently, right?
What?
He's distracted because of the woman he likes.
Not all men are like him,
but I know him pretty well.
When he cares about someone,
he doesn't let anyone else into his heart.
But...
I think time heals all wounds.
When time passes by,
he will be fine again.
What is she like?
I don't know much,
but she's pretty...
and very smart.
He said she influenced him in a very good way.
I see.
She must suit him very well.
(Suppliers of old games)
Sir, today, I have to visit the game...
Okay, you don't even have to tell me first.
I'm off then.
Hey, when will you arrange the files?
Ha Jung.
When will you finish arranging the files?
Well, about that...
Did you leave it to Ji An because she joined last?
Knowing that she's busy with the 40th year event?
Okay. I'll do it then.
I'll get going.
- Jinx. - What?
I was just about to call you...
when you called me.
Were you? Why?
What about you?
Ji Soo, the day we moved to Daebang-dong.
Do you remember going through our photos?
Of course. We hadn't done that in years.
The Christmas photos we took...
on the year we went to Dubai.
It was there, wasn't it?
The one with us posing? Yes, what about it?
Hello... Hello?
It's... It's nothing.
Why did you want to call me?
I'm going to forget all about him.
I'll stop liking him.
That's not up to you.
No, it is.
I loved him as much as I loved bread,
but I loved him too much.
I had too much hope.
I just realized that it was a delusion.
What are you talking about?
It's wrong for wanting him when he has a girlfriend.
That's why I need to get over him.
I'll focus on bread now.
I'll stop being a fool.
I promise.
I thought I could do it if I promised to you.
Okay.
- I'll hang up then. - Wait, wait.
Go on.
I almost forgot to tell you something.
Can you come by one day?
Talk to Mom.
Why? Is she sick?
No, she isn't sick,
but she's been a bit odd since you left.
What do you mean?
She leaves home a lot...
and cries by herself from time to time.
Mom cries by herself?
Yes. I think it's because she misses you.
I even found her crying with my photo.
She cried over your photo?
Which one?
(Off for lunch)
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
Why bring sandwiches?
You could've just asked me to treat you.
I brought them back from our memories.
After buying me shoes when I got into university,
you bought me these sandwiches.
Did I?
The weather's nice too.
Is something wrong?
Why didn't you call ahead?
I couldn't remember your number.
I told Mom to give you and Ji Ho my number,
but nobody called me.
Mom didn't say anything.
She didn't tell you?
I understand.
You need to leave your past to settle in.
But...
why didn't you know?
You were eight years old.
Even if Mom was with her family for months,
one of your sisters' face had changed.
Why didn't you realize that?
First of all,
I didn't know Ji An had died.
I came home one day, and Mom wasn't home.
Dad said Mom was sick and with her parents.
I cried for her for months...
while living with Dad.
What about when we left for Dubai?
Why didn't you notice the change then?
Right before we left,
Mom came back with both of you.
I thought Ji Soo looked different.
- Ji Soo? - I think I said...
that she looked different for that reason.
No, I guess it was you.
What then?
What did they say?
They said she's still my sister...
and that she had just grown a bit.
I'm not even sure if I remember correctly.
If I look back now,
I didn't even know my sister was dead.
What was there to doubt?
And moving to the Middle-east...
where people wear turbans.
Having to move to such a strange country...
made me so stressed out.
I was so scared.
I do remember being very timid.
Oh. Right.
I guess so.
Well, how are you?
You look like you got an upgrade.
(Haesung's missing daughter)
It was me, but I'd never seen the photo before.
I was in dirty clothes and had blotchy skin.
Mom came back with both of you.
I thought Ji Soo looked different.
How would a one-year-old's bones bare that?
(Haesung's missing daughter)
If you go there, you can study abroad.
Ask them to send you abroad.
No, you have to do it. It's my wish.
That's why I'm letting you go.
So you can dream again.
Dad's in Seoul now.
Seeing him will do you no good.
(Haesung's missing daughter)
Dad collapsed while following you.
Your decision...
Your decision is what matters.
I wanted to know why you made that decision.
You don't want to go, right?
You want to go?
I know you suffered,
but do you really want to leave so easily like this?
So you are...
the real Ji Soo.
My...
dead sister?
Ji An, you should not go to their house.